docs: rework docs into its own directory (#30)
VeryGoodOpenSource/flame_behaviors: docs/conventions/coding-conventions.md

# Coding Conventions

> **Note**: The following coding conventions are simply recommendations and are completely
optional. Feel free to use whatever coding conventions you prefer.

## Entities

Entities should not contain any behavioral logic, instead they should be composed of behaviors. This
allows for more flexible and reusable code. Entities should not do any direct rendering, instead they

> should add child components to themselves to do the visualization of the entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should add child components to handle the visualization of the entity.
```

#### Examples

✅ **Good**

```dart
class Player extends Entity {
  Player() {
    // Behaviors
    add(JumpingBehavior());
    add(AttackingBehavior());

    // Components
    add(SpriteComponent(...));
  }
}
```

❌ **Bad**

```dart
class Player extends Entity {
  void update(double dt) {
    if (isJumping) {
      // Jump logic
    }
    
    if (isAttacking) {
      // Attack logic
    }
  }

  void render(Canvas canvas) {
    // Render player
    canvas.drawImage(...);
  }
}
```

## Behaviors

Behaviors should only contain code related to the behavioral logic it describes. Behaviors should 
never do any direct rendering.

A behavior is allowed to have its own components for adding extra functionality related to the 
behavior. For example, a behavior that makes an entity jump could have a `TimerComponent` to ensure
that the entity can only jump once every 0.5 seconds. And that behavior can also use a 

> `KeyboardHandler` mixin to listen for the jump key to trigger the jump. But any logic that is not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`KeyboardHandler` mixin to listen for the jump key to trigger the jump. Any logic that is not
```
